In my opinion
All the clothes designed by that designer
It's all rubbish
Xia Qing, what do you say?
If you don't support domestic products, forget it.
Also personal attacks on other designers
What's wrong with my personal attack?
In my opinion
Domestic products are things that can't be put on the table.
Exactly.
Everyone here is a top interpretation of Fengcheng
We pursue international big names
It's about identity and status.
What is your dress worth?
My dress
Represents the determination to carry forward domestic products
Girl, where did you buy this dress on you?
Where else can I buy it?
Pick it up in the trash
Shut up, my high school classmate is a costume designer
He bought this dress for me.
I can't see.
But I've heard brand stories from people
I think it's a good dress.
Should appear at this grand banquet
Mr. Su, my cousin is blind
There's no aesthetic at all.
Don't listen to his nonsense
Do you know what brand of clothes I'm wearing?
I don't know, it's also national luck.
Do you know who the designer of the national transportation is?
Who is that?
It's me Su Mingyue